UNOMI-625 : add documentation on json schema (#457)
apache/unomi: manual/src/main/asciidoc/jsonSchema/json-schema-api.adoc

//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
//      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.
//

=== JSON schema API

> The JSON schema endpoints are private, so the user has to be authenticated to manage the JSON schema in UNOMI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON schema endpoints are private, so the user has to be authenticated to manage the JSON schema in Unomi.
```

        }
    ],
    "properties": {
        "properties": {
            "$ref": "https://vendor.test.com/schemas/json/events/dummy/properties/1-0-0"
        }
    },
    "unevaluatedProperties": false
}'
----

==== Deleting a schema

To delete a schema, call the endpoint `POST {{url}}/cxs/jsonSchema/delete`  with the id of the schema into the payload of the request

Example:

[source]
----
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:8181/cxs/jsonSchema/delete' \
-u 'karaf:karaf' \
--header 'Content-Type: text/plain' \
--header 'Cookie: context-profile-id=0f2fbca8-c242-4e6d-a439-d65fcbf0f0a8' \
--data-raw 'https://vendor.test.com/schemas/json/events/dummy/1-0-0'
----

==== Error Management

When calling an endpoint with invalid data, such as an invalid value for the *sessionId* property in the contextRequest object or eventCollectorRequest object, the server would respond with a 400 error code and the message *Request rejected by the server because: Invalid received data*.

==== Details on invalid events

If it’s an event which is incorrect the server will continue to process the request but will exclude the invalid events.

> Running Apache Unomi with the Debug flag will add to the logs the reason why events are rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Apache Unomi with the logs in debug level will add to the logs the reason why events are rejected.
```
